libSkiaSharp 80.2 emby-server
libass 9 emby-server
libavcodec 58 emby-server
libavdevice 58 emby-server
libavfilter 7 emby-server
libavformat 58 emby-server
libavutil 56 emby-server
libcom_err 3 emby-server
libcrypto 1.1 emby-server
libcurl 4 emby-server
libdav1d 4 emby-server
libdcerpc-binding 0 emby-server
libdrm 2 emby-server
libdrm_amdgpu 1 emby-server
libdrm_intel 1 emby-server
libdrm_radeon 1 emby-server
libexpat 1 emby-server
libfontconfig 1 emby-server
libfreetype 6 emby-server
libfribidi 0 emby-server
libgcc_s 1 emby-server
libgmp 10 emby-server
libgnutls 30 emby-server
libgssapi_krb5 2 emby-server
libhogweed 4 emby-server
libiconv 2 emby-server
libicudata 66 emby-server
libicui18n 66 emby-server
libicuio 66 emby-server
libicutest 66 emby-server
libicutu 66 emby-server
libicuuc 66 emby-server
libigdgmm 11 emby-server
libigfxcmrt 7 emby-server
libjpeg 8 emby-server
libk5crypto 3 emby-server
libkrb5 3 emby-server
libkrb5support 0 emby-server
libmfx 1 emby-server
libmp3lame 0 emby-server
libndr-krb5pac 0 emby-server
libndr-nbt 0 emby-server
libndr-standard 0 emby-server
libndr 0 emby-server
libnettle 6 emby-server
libogg 0 emby-server
libopus 0 emby-server
libpciaccess 0 emby-server
libpng16 16 emby-server
libpostproc 55 emby-server
librtmp 1 emby-server
libsamba-credentials 0 emby-server
libsamba-errors 1 emby-server
libsamba-hostconfig 0 emby-server
libsamba-util 0 emby-server
libsamdb 0 emby-server
libsmbclient 0 emby-server
libsmbconf 0 emby-server
libsqlite3 0 emby-server
libssl 1.1 emby-server
libstdc++ 6 emby-server
libswresample 3 emby-server
libswscale 5 emby-server
libtevent-util 0 emby-server
libtheoradec 1 emby-server
libtheoraenc 1 emby-server
libuuid 1 emby-server
libva-drm 2 emby-server
libva 2 emby-server
libvorbis 0 emby-server
libvorbisenc 2 emby-server
libvpx 6 emby-server
libwbclient 0 emby-server
libwebp 7 emby-server
libwebpdemux 2 emby-server
libwebpmux 3 emby-server
libx264 159 emby-server
libx265 188 emby-server
libz 1 emby-server
libzvbi 0 emby-server
libldb 1 emby-server
libtalloc 2 emby-server
libtdb 1 emby-server
libtevent 0 emby-server
